You will definitely like that elementary school method.
Mom, you are back.
Can you welcome this girl here like this?
Mom, from now on our family will
Don't live here. You don't live here?
Where are you going? Mom, Xiaodong got a lot of money from her.
The test was going to take us to buy a big house.
Don't protect your brain now. God returns that house,
She is millions. Where can you buy this money?
Just come with me. sister,
Come and take care of your brain. Remember,
Teams like this are all low-level people.
The houses we have here all start at five million
You need to prove yourself when looking at houses
in case why
Please don't try if you don't try
Your family is all poor
I taste the worst